okay hi guys this is Chandra from my
explode command we are ready here with
all the interesting new video setup okay
so for the first video from this setup
we'll take a look at an easy thing we
will take a look at how you can actually
set a personal hotspot right from your
iPhone and this is pretty easy and for
those of you who do not know this yet
this should be helpful now the way
personal hotspot works is you have an
iPhone and you are connected to a 3G
GPRS edge or LTE connection and then you
go to settings and you should find a
personal hotspot feel there in settings
now if you if this is disabled or if you
don't find this in all probability
you've not turned on your cellular make
sure you go to general cellular and you
turn on the cellular data and of course
3G - and then this should be on and go
to personal hotspot and then turn it on
even the turn on personal hotspot your
laptop or iPad or any other device that
you've got in the vicinity will identify
your iPhone as a Wi-Fi hotspot and once
you connect you just enter the password
you can edit the password to tap this
and then whatever you want put it here
and then press down
so that's about it thank you